c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.dll.config
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\Theme.baml
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.g.resources
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DesignTempaltesTest\DesignTempaltesTest\obj\Debug\DesignTempaltesTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
